hi in this video I will show you one way
you can generate animations with
different frame rates in pixel
lab first thing is you want to make sure
you set a reference image this image
should be a general image of your
character as it will be shown to the
model throughout the generation as
guidance feel free to try out different
reference images in my own experiments I
have found that an idle position works
very well so you can try out that
first once you have generated something
you like you should edit and fix image
as much as possible for your next
Generation to be
better uh what I'm doing here is that
I'm using the new number of frames and
start frame to interpolate between the
uh furest step in the
animation and I'm setting the number of
frames here to seven so that the model
knows that the animations should be
seven frames and there should be a frame
in
between but in this case seven isn't the
correct number so I'm going to redo it
with six
frames the difference isn't very big but
it's good to see that both works but uh
I would recommend having the correct
number of
frames
now to generate the next leg moving
forward I personally prefer to uh first
use a low number of frames just to get
like the extremes of the animation and
then I do the interpolate thing to get
the frame in between so here I'm doing
what I did in the first generation and
then I'm going to take the last frame in
the animation and then I will have empty
frames in between which means that the
model will only edit the image in
between and the first second and fourth
image are set in stone so the model can
see all three of them and use them to
help it create the third
image don't be afraid of trying
different weights different number of
frame starting frame or just doing the
previous method of always generating
from the last frame and then just
deleting bad Generations keeping the
good ones and piecing everything
together we do give a lot of extra
Generations so you have a lot of room to
play around and try things out so don't
be afraid to take some risk the best way
of learning is
practice with the animation complete I'm
just going to make some small edits and
you will see the final results in a
bit if you like the video and want to
see more in the future remember to
subscribe and uh feel free to comment
like or dislike if you didn't like it to
help the algorithm promote the video and
thank you and I'll see you next time